Arrive so sort by lane here we're going to be taking in an array of strings such as this.
And then we are going to sort them and they're ascending order so from least the greatest So our array
here is going to go like so.
And the only hint I really have for you is sort the objective is to sort the strings from the shortest
string to the longest string in that order.
That's pretty much it at the end of the day.
All right.
So this is a pretty easy one if you understand how sort works with arrays.
Essentially what we're going to do is we're just going to have a single one line here that's going to
take our array and sort it into what we're expecting.
So we have all our strings and we just want to return our input array sort.
And then here we're going to have two different elements rabbit and M-B.
So here an element will bleed into this.
Well do you are one or two arrow function.
And then what we want to do is return the string length minus the string.
Length to streamline a string of two and that's it.
That's our entire solution where we're taking each element and then we're saying hey check the size
of them check the length of them and then sorted accordingly.
So it's really a test to see you know can you case all of this now we could solve this saga if we wanted
to and just manually do this.
But there's no reason to.